# Optimization_GreenEnergyIsland
Title: Integration and Multi-objective Optimization of Green Energy Island using Genetic Algorithm

Version: Edward Xu, 27th May, 2018, Chongqing University, China.

Hi, everyone, my name is Edward Xu. You can also call me Jie Xu, which is my primitive name. This is my undergraduate project. Welcome you to look at it and discuss with me.

I am currently studying sustainable energy in Chongqing University, but I am going to Denmark Technical University to continue my graduate program - energy system analysis. I would like to share with you my learning.

## Introduction
We are facing more and more urgent energy-economy-environment problems. The past experience has indicated that the centralized energy systems are out of date in today’s planet because of low-efficiency, energy waste and high-risk. Green Energy Island has been proposed to replace them, which integrates several energy technologies and are able to track the fluctuation of energy demand to save primary energy. However, only by careful design and optimization can we build the qualified Green Energy Island to improve thermodynamic and economic efficiency and avoid strict energy management in unusual conditions. The techniques from Artificial Intelligence (AI) can make a difference in this task. Through this research task, I will go over the past knowledge, become familiar with academic research, and more energetic to continue study life in energy system analysis.

## Basic Structure
The object is a grid-connected distributed energy system, called Green Energy Island (GEI), composed of a variety of energy technologies. It satisfies the need of people and equipments in a remote island by supplying electricity, hot steam, and cooling. There are three facilities, Micro Gas Turbine (MGT), Aqueous Lithium-Bromine Single-Effect Absorption Chiller (AC_ALB), and R123 Organic Recycle Cycle (ORC_R123), providing the majority of three products. Nature gas or other substituted fuel burns in MGT to produce electricity, with waste heat recovered by AC_ALB and ORC_R134a. One produces cool water, and the other one produces electricity. There is also energy from the sun collected through Photovoltaic Modules (PV) and Concentrating Solar Thermal Collector (CST). PV can produce electricity, and CST can produce hot steam. Electricity can also be generated by Wind Turbine (WT). Besides, if the load of hot steam and cooling cann’t be met, Heat Pump (HP) and R134a Vapor Compression Chiller (VCC_R134a) can be powered to supply hot steam and cooling, respectively. If the electricity generated is consumed to supply other products, it can be bought from National Grid (NG). The overall illustration of the system is shown in Figure GreenEnergyIsland_JieXu_180527.

